Your soldiers' 100,000 cavalry are all destroyed
Your imperial teacher is also good
The general is also good
It's all gone. Impossible
I want to meet someone
You have to see a corpse when you die
You are lying to me.
His Royal Highness never lies
We really can't return your body.
Mainly it's all blown to pieces
Why are you so good?
Last time you drugged me while I was weak
Of course I can't beat you
Since you are the saintess of Dajin Kingdom
Then I'll let you try it.
It's like watching your country perish
Yuxuan, I'll give you 3,000 special forces
Let you break into Dajin Kingdom
Let the Jin Kingdom perish in one day
Come
Persuading Crown Prince Su Huangfei to enter the book is
Not popular
Mix things up
Are you crazy?
Three thousand men against a hundred thousand
Let my people go and die in vain
Your Majesty, you misunderstood the prince